Fix minimum replication workers started (#10560)
Minio-io/minio: docs/bucket/replication/README.md

To perform bi-directional replication, repeat the above process on the target site - this time setting the source bucket as the replication target.

> It is recommended that replication be run in a system with atleast two CPU's available to the process, so that replication can run in its own thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that replication be run in a system with at least two CPU's available to the process, so that replication can run in its own thread.
```
